chore(docs): installing-superset-from-scratch guide gets complete, orderly (#27082)
apache/superset: docs/docs/installation/installing-superset-from-scratch.mdx

### Python Virtual Environment

We highly recommend installing Superset inside of a virtual environment.
You can create and activate a virtual environment using:

```

> python3 -m venv "venv"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
python3 -m venv venv
```

### Installing and Initializing Superset

:::tip
Note that some configuration is mandatory for production instances of Superset. In particular, Superset will not start without a user-specified value of SECRET_KEY. Please see [Configuring Superset](/docs/installation/configuring-superset).
:::

First, start by installing `apache-superset`:

```
pip install apache-superset
```

> Then, save some environmental variables needed by superset:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Then save some environmental variables required by Superset.  Make note of this randomly-generated SUPERSET_SECRET_KEY, as without it you may be unable to decrypt the application's data in the future.
```
